<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<book xml:id="simple_book" xmlns="http://docbook.org/ns/docbook" version="5.0">
    <title>SCXML2SVG-CMD - User Manual</title>
    <chapter xml:id="1">
        <title>NAME</title>
        <para>scxml2svg</para>
        <para>Command line application running in Java, that converts SCXML files describing finite state machine into visual representation in SVG.<para>
    </chapter>
    <chapter xml:id="2">
        <title>SYNOPSIS</title>
        <para>scxml2svg.jar input output [template]</para>
    </chapter>
    <chapter xml:id="3">
        <title>DESCRIPTION</title>
        <para>Application takes input file, transforms it into DOT format graph describing finite state machine. Then, the graph is transformed into SVG file using available GraphViz program.</para>
        <para>In order to function correctly, the program needs GraphViz installed on the machine.</para>
        <para>Program ensures validation and correct functionality only if default transformation is used. (optional template parameter is not set)</para>
    </chapter>
    <chapter xml:id="4">
        <title>EXIT STATUS</title>
        <para>0 - if application successfully transformed input to output</para>
        <para>1 - if input file is not valid SCXML document.</para>
        <para>2 - if program failed during validation.</para>
        <para>3 - if program failed during XSLT transform.</para>
        <para>4 - if program failed during final GraphViz 
utilization.</para>
    </chapter>
    <chapter xml:id="5">
        <title>SEE ALSO</title>
        <para>Full documentation available at http://code.google.com/p/scxml2svg-cmd/</para>
        <para>GraphViz</para>
    </chapter>
</book>
